= despamilator_rails

* https://github.com/moowahaha/despamilator-rails

== DESCRIPTION:

Spam detection plugin for Rails & ActiveRecord. Uses all the standard Rails conventions and
my Despamilator gem.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* To fix the iconv error when developing with Ruby 1.9.2 and RVM,
  see: http://blog.footle.org/2010/07/29/installing-ruby-1-9-2-via-rvm-on-os-x/ .

* Stuck with lower version of ActiveRecord in Gemfile until Hoe is fixed to support
  newer versions.

* DataMapper not yet supported. That's on the list!

* ActiveRecord 3 not supported! That's properly next on the list.


== SYNOPSIS:

Somewhere (such as your environment.rb...)

   require 'despamilator_rails'

In your model (basic example):

   class YourModel < ActiveRecord::Base
     validate_with_despamilator :attributes => [:some_field]
   end

When "some_field" is assigned a spammy value, it will add to the errors. For example...

   YourModel.new(:some_field => spammy_value).save! #=> ActiveRecord::RecordInvalid exception!

Or...

   your_instance = YourModel.new(:some_field => spammy_value)
   your_instance.save
   your_instance.errors.full_messages.should #=> ["Some field looks like spam"]

If you want to configure the threshold (which defaults to 1) or add your own callback, you can do the following:

   class YourModel < ActiveRecord::Base
     validate_with_despamilator :attributes => [:some_field], :threshold => 1 do |field, value, despamilator|
       raise "spam! field: #{field}, value: #{value}, score: #{despamailtor.score}"
     end
   end

This example will...

   your_instance = YourModel.new(:some_field => "spammy string")
   your_instance.save! #=> Exception "spam! field: some_field, value: spammy string, score: 123"

The callback will receive the field name, the value and the instance of the Despamilator class.

See the various examples in "spec/fixtures".

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ActiveRecord >= 2.3.2
* Despamilator >= 1.0

== INSTALL:

* gem install despamilator_rails

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Stephen Hardisty

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.